(Horimiya)

Kyouko Hori (堀 京子 Hori Kyōko?) is one of the protagonists of Horimiya (Manga). She is a student in Class 3-1 of Katagiri Senior High School. Kyouko is normally a very energetic and popular person who always creates a happy atmosphere around herself. She is a hard-worker in all aspects of her life, and, according to Izumi Miyamura, she scores above 90% for all her tests.

Izumi Miyamura (宮村 伊澄 Miyamura Izumi?) is the main protagonists of the Horimiya series. He is a student in Class 3-1 of Katagiri Senior High School. Izumi was noticeably shy and struggled to interact with others when he was a child up to his time junior high, resulting in him being frequently ostracized and bullied—especially by Makio Tanihara and his friend group—as his peers considered him a dreary and distant individual. This treatment caused Izumi to adopt a pessimistic nature, and he would give himself piercings with a safety pin whenever he felt school was giving him a difficult time.

Yuki Yoshikawa (吉川 由紀 Yoshikawa Yuki?) is a close friend of Kyouko Hori's who attends Katagiri Senior High School, the same school Hori goes to. Yuki has a typical bubbly and ditzy personality who often creates a fun and happy atmosphere for those close to her, though she can be quite lazy which is evident by her tendency to sleep during class. She is easy to get along with and makes friends relatively quickly, as seen with Izumi Miyamura.

Tooru Ishikawa (石川 透 Ishikawa Tōru?) is a supporting character in the series. He attends Katagiri Senior High School where he is enrolled in Class 3-1 and a close friend of Izumi Miyamura who was known to have a crush on Kyouko Hori early in the series.

Honoka Sawada (沢田 ほのか Sawada Honoka?) is one of the side characters that made an appearance in chapter 29. She is first seen stalking Izumi Miyamura, causing many people, including Kyouko Hori, to assume she has a crush on Miyamura. However, it is revealed that the person she has feelings for is Hori.

Syu Iura (井浦 秀 Iura Shū?) is a friend of Izumi Miyamura, also attending Katagiri Senior High School. He is enrolled in Class 3-2.

Kakeru Sengoku (仙石 翔, Sengoku Kakeru) is the charismatic president of the student council of Katagiri Senior High School who is enrolled in class 3-3, the childhood friend of Kyouko Hori and the boyfriend of Remi Ayasaki.

Remi Ayasaki (綾崎 レミ Ayasaki Remi) is a member of the Student Council who attends Katagiri Senior High School where she is enrolled in class 3-5 and she is known as the girlfriend of Kakeru Sengoku.

Sakura Kouno (河野 桜 Kōno Sakura?) is the vice-president of the student council of Katagiri Senior High School who is enrolled in Class 3-5 with Remi Ayasaki.

Akane Yanagi (柳 明音 Yanagi Akane?) is a 3rd year at Katagiri High School who is enrolled in class 3-6 and a member of Kyouko Hori and Izumi Miyamura's regular group of friends.

Kouichi Shindou (進藤 晃一 Shindō Kōichi?) is a supporting character in the series. He is the boyfriend of Chika Ichijou who attended the same junior high school as Izumi Miyamura and Makio Tanihara.

(Demon Lord Reborn)

Ard Meteor (アードメテオ) Ādo Meteo?) is The main male protagonist of The Greatest Demon Lord Is Reborn as a Typical Nobody. He is the Demon Lord Varvatos who defeated the Evil Gods and united the world. He chooses to reincarnate three thousand years into the future due to the loneliness brought about by his overwhelming power.

Lydia Beginsgate (リディア・ビギンズゲート), Ridia Biginzugēto) is A character in the series. She fought to put the world back in humanity’s hands with Demon Lord. Lydia is known to be a competitive pereson.

Olivia vel Vine (オリヴィア・ヴェル・ヴァイン) Orivia veru Vain?) is One of the Four Heavenly Kings. Olivia is said to possess a keen mindful person who would show no mercy to her enemies and is a shrewd tactician. Being a member of Heavenly Kings, she is shown to have a very calm demeanor and is said to be expressionless most of the time

Slyphy Marheaven (シルフィー・メルヘヴン) Shirufī Meruhevun?) was A soldier in the Demon Lord's Army formerly known as Raging Champion (レイジング・チャンピオン Reijingu Chanpion?). She spends thousands of years practicing in Phantom Forest in order to defeat the Demon Lord. However, she was being used as a pawn by Alvarto Exex.

Ginny Fin de Salvan is One of the characters of the series. A young succubus who got bullied a lot by Elrado and his gang. She began to worship Ard after he came to her rescue.

Alvarto Exex (アルヴァート・エグゼクス Aruvāto Eguzekusu?) is One of the heavenly kings. According to Ard, in power, he is the strongest member of the Heavenly Kings. He acts as a secondary antagonist of the series.

